Your fingerprints are on the lady's community mask
It will cause you trouble.
Why don't you just use a needle?
Inject air into a person's hole
So you can sweep the floor.
It seems that I think too much
If Sarin is Xiao Ai
How could he possibly help me kill this old thing?
Madam, if you don't want to do it
Sarin can share with you
Forget it, tomorrow is Xiaobei's reception banquet
Let this old man live a few more days
It's also for my little lips
Don't give it to me. Don't give it to me.
Use the cheapest medicine
Let him have his life
The center is Mrs.
Grandma is patient
I will soon make him unscrupulous
Broken family
Hello Dr. Wu
I have sent you my grandmother's address.
We must get him out of the country safely
Don't worry, Xiao Ai.
I'll make a fake death certificate for the old lady
Then personally take him abroad
Thank you, Dr. Wu.
Grandma, I will never let you have anything wrong again